# \[1.x] Stable
## \[1.2] Unreleased
### Changed
* **DialogNode default theme.** A darker one is used instead. Looks better, but don't worry, the old one is still there if you want to use it
* **Option button default theme.** Now uses a flat dark theme.
## \[1.1.1] 2021-12-27
### Fixed
* **Fix an issue related to character events.** Fixes an issue related to selected portrait not being assigned when you change the portrait in the event.

## \[1.1] 2021-12-27

### Added:
* **Reference hint in PortraitManager.** Now the reference rect node that were used previously is built-in directly on the node, letting you modify it directly in PortraitManager.
* **Integration with EventSystem.** Use Textalog not only as a Dialog Node, but as a Dialog System too [#56](https://github.com/AnidemDex/Godot-DialogPlugin/pull/56).
* **Character Inspector**. Now the character has its own inspector, to display portraits in a proper way. [#65](https://github.com/AnidemDex/Godot-DialogPlugin/pull/65)
* **`DialogManager` node now can produce blip sounds**. We've added some useful methods to make the node "blip" on certain conditions.

### Changed:
* **`DialogManager.text_autoscroll` will be false by default.**
* **`DialogManager.text_fit_content_height` will be false by default.**
* **Remove limits on PortraitManager.add_portrait() method for relative size.** Make your portrait bigger than the 100% of the portrait manager rect! [#66](https://github.com/AnidemDex/Godot-DialogPlugin/pull/66)
* **Improved the text_autoscroll feature.** Because the old one was pretty unestable and weird to use.
* **`EventDialogText.continue_at_end` will be false by default.**
* **`DialogNode` default theme**. Now it uses a better (generic) one.

### Fixed:
* **Fix an issue related to showing DialogNode on show_text() call**. Because somebody forgots to shows the node in a `show` function. [#53](https://github.com/AnidemDex/Godot-DialogPlugin/pull/53)
* **`DialogNode` doesn't emmit signals `option_selected` and `option_added`.** Now is fixed by [864ba49](https://github.com/AnidemDex/Godot-DialogPlugin/pull/59)
* **Options are removed if they are added while OptionsManager emmits `option_selected` signal.** Fixed by [37ed82b](https://github.com/AnidemDex/Godot-DialogPlugin/pull/58)
* **An error related to autoscroll feature.** No more `get_wordwrap_string_size: Condition "p_width <= 0" is true. Returned: Vector2(0, get_height())` annoying error the first time you try the plugin. [#64](https://github.com/AnidemDex/Godot-DialogPlugin/pull/64)

### Removed:
* **ReferenceRect node from PortraitManager.**

## \[1.0] 2021-11-21
This is the first stable release. To manage to release this, many things were removed to add them later on 1.x versions (like, the timelines).

### Added:

* **`DialogNode` node class**
* **`DialogBubble` node class**
* **`PortraitManager` node class**
* **`DialogManager` node class**
* **`OptionManager` node class**
* **`Portrait` resource class**
* **`Character` resource class**
* **DialogNode customization through themes**

### Removed:

* **Literally everything from `dialog_plugin` folder**. Take a look on previous pre-release versions to see what exactly were removed. Those features will be reimplemented in future minor versions.
