# \[2.x] Changelog

## \[2.0] Unreleased
### Added
* **`BlipData`.** A resource that stores blip related data.
* **`Character.blip_data`.** Stores a `BlipData` resource related to the character.
* **`CharacterNode`.** A node that can be used by `DialogNode` to keep a reference of where the character's portrait should be. It also includes many dialogue related methods for dialog building.

### Changed
* **Repository structure.** Now the repository host the addon on its root, making it easy to install the plugin as submodule. Old structure was moved to `main-legacy` branch.
* **DialogNode default theme.** A darker one is used instead. Looks better, but don't worry, the old one is still there if you want to use it
* **Option button default theme.** Now uses a flat dark theme.
* **DialogNode behaviour.** The `DialogNode` class is now a complete and functional dialog node. It does many things on its own, but each part of its behaviour can be overrided to integrate yours.
* **`Portrait.image`.** Now is `Portrait.texture` to follow Godot's convention.

<!--### Deprecated-->
### Removed
* **DialogManager.**
* **OptionsManager.**
* **PortraitManager.**
* **DialogBaseNode.**

{% hint style="info" %}
`DialogManager`, `OptionsManager` and `PortraitManager` are now integrated in `DialogNode` and their behaviour can be overrided through the behaviour override integration.
{% endhint %}

* **`Character.portrait`**. Portraits related to the character are now stored internally, and can be accessed through different accessor methods.
* **`Character.add_blip()`**
* **`Character.remove_blip()`**
* **`Portrait.name`.** Name assignation is now done through `Character`.

<!--### Fixed-->